DOC: tidy 1.1.5 release notes (#38064)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.1.5.rst

Fixed regressions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Fixed regression in addition of a timedelta-like scalar to a :class:`DatetimeIndex` raising incorrectly (:issue:`37295`)
- Fixed regression in :meth:`Series.groupby` raising when the :class:`Index` of the :class:`Series` had a tuple as its name (:issue:`37755`)
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.loc` and :meth:`Series.loc` for ``__setitem__`` when one-dimensional tuple was given to select from :class:`MultiIndex` (:issue:`37711`)
- Fixed regression in inplace operations on :class:`Series` with ``ExtensionDtype`` with NumPy dtyped operand (:issue:`37910`)
- Fixed regression in metadata propagation for ``groupby`` iterator (:issue:`37343`)
- Fixed regression in indexing on a :class:`Series` with ``CategoricalDtype`` after unpickling (:issue:`37631`)

> - Fixed regression in :class:`RollingGroupby` with the resulting :class:`MultiIndex` when grouping by a label that is in the index (:issue:`37641`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in ``df.groupby(..).rolling(..)`` with the resulting :class:`MultiIndex` when grouping by a label that is in the index (:issue:`37641`)
```

(we don't have API pages for this, and people also don't necessarily know what `RollingGroupby` is)

Author: sure. this pass was moreless just a move. no problem with committing this suggestion. but a second pass is ok too.
